section3.md, before:

# Git Tutorial
![GitHub Image](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/logos_page/GitHub-Logo.png)

## Getting Started With GitHub
1. Sign into GitHub and click new repository
2. Give your repository a name (and a README and gitignore if you want)
3. Create your repository

## Forking vs. Cloning
Forking is a feature on GitHub that allows a user to take a copy of someone else's repository and use it for their own personal use with the ability to make pull requests. Cloning is a Git concept extremely similar to forking, with the main difference being that cloning allows a person to make an unconnected copy of a repository to place in a directory of their choosing.

## Branches
Branches allow users to work on separate tasks in a project. For every Git repository, there is a master branch, which functions as the source branch where changes are finalized. From then on, a user can create their own branch (essentially a copy of the master branch) where they can work on their designated assignments separate from everyone else contributing to the repository. By giving everyone their own separate workspace instead of piling everything in the master branch, branching helps ensure that multiple contributors don't interfere with each other's work.

## Pull Request

## Adding a Collaborator
1. Go into your settings on your GitHub repository
2. Go to the 'Collaborators' Tab and add a collaborator
3. Enter your password and enter the person's username/email

Commit message:

Feature: Added Pull Requests explanation

section3.md, after:

# Git Tutorial
![GitHub Image](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/logos_page/GitHub-Logo.png)

## Getting Started With GitHub
1. Sign into GitHub and click new repository
2. Give your repository a name (and a README and gitignore if you want)
3. Create your repository

## Forking vs. Cloning
Forking is a feature on GitHub that allows a user to take a copy of someone else's repository and use it for their own personal use with the ability to make pull requests. Cloning is a Git concept extremely similar to forking, with the main difference being that cloning allows a person to make an unconnected copy of a repository to place in a directory of their choosing.

## Branches
Branches allow users to work on separate tasks in a project. For every Git repository, there is a master branch, which functions as the source branch where changes are finalized. From then on, a user can create their own branch (essentially a copy of the master branch) where they can work on their designated assignments separate from everyone else contributing to the repository. By giving everyone their own separate workspace instead of piling everything in the master branch, branching helps ensure that multiple contributors don't interfere with each other's work.

## Pull Request
When a user's work on their branch is ready to be added to the master branch, it's time for a pull request. A pull request allows a branch to be submitted to the repository owner to see if it can be successfully merged with the master branch. However, when there are major difference in two branches that are set to be merged, a merge conflict is created, barring the merge from happening until the owner settles the conflicts. By choosing to resolve the conflicts within GitHub, the owner can adjust the areas where merge conflicts occur to make sure that the merge can be pulled off. After resolving the merge conflicts, the merge can successfully take place and everyone can go about their own business.

## Adding a Collaborator
1. Go into your settings on your GitHub repository
2. Go to the 'Collaborators' Tab and add a collaborator
3. Enter your password and enter the person's username/email
